Make this slightly friendlier (#37)
exercism/docs: contributing/chestertons-fence.md

## This Notion is Relevant to Exercism how?

> At Exercism, we’re fortunate to have loads of people joining our community all the time, and posting their thoughts and ideas. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At Exercism, we're fortunate to have loads of people joining our community all the time, and posting their thoughts and ideas. 
```

Many of those ideas are new, innovative, exciting, and unblock our thinking.
So if you have an idea or a suggestion, we welcome it!

However, more often people post ideas that have been discussed many times before. 
Responding to those ideas, and readdressing or rejustifying our decisions can be extremely draining on our team. 

> So we this article aims to help protect that time and energy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This article aims to help protect that time and energy.
```
